---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-16T18:16:06.262Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-16T18:16:03.991Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-16-9721e051-6dd6-4795-b7ec-cbb177d9e9ce.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 9721e051-6dd6-4795-b7ec-cbb177d9e9ce/index.html
_type: Article

---
James Loft

Currently leading a team of talented consultants, developers and designers working to support organisations on their mission to achieve amazing products and experiences for their customers.
I am true convert and evangelist for the lean start up approach and for customer centred approaches to product development and improvement. New technology will be the catalyst with elements such as AI being the tools that give us the opportunities to improve the offerings time and time again for end users.
Previously privileged to be working as a key member of a team of senior leaders responsible for innovating and delivering a portfolio of new customer and client propositions across Barclays as an intrepreneur. 
Creating strategies which support transformational change work-streams to seek out and deliver against core customer needs to increase the quality of experience and subsequently commercial objectives. User centricity allows us to create great experiences that are designed and built to fully answer clear needs form customers and end users.
This is supported by a Masters level university education in the Information and Knowledge Management fields and a Business and Marketing degree at Bachelor's level. My project/programme management experience is up to Programme Director level and based on a mixture of construction, change management and technology disciplines across prince and agile methodologies.
Specialties: 
\* Business Management \*Innovation \*Design Centered Thinking
\*Agile Delivery \*Lean Start Up Approach \*Product creation
\*Entrepreneurship \*Creative Problem Solving \*Change Management
\*Organisational behaviours Analysis \*Financial Management \*Resource Management
\*Team Leadership \*Procurement \*Contract Management
\*Stakeholder Management \*Regulated Industry Experience \*Team Leadership
\*Strategic Planning